all right thousand nine
we're now go slower my soul's been a
prayer I should die oh wait
slob no mistake I should let you take
over control no day and it you get when
your foot fall asleep imagine that all
over the place imagine a that's the
feeling you're gonna get fuck around in
ich da janela stays up in a cave holy
shit chain nowadays it's a whole new
energy from the wrong place get holes in
your new HEPA tell me what you see when
you look in the mirror yeah I see em G
test me out damn damn is a man with
money Lou nothing walking my steps alone
running my shoe jinx in the gentlemen
don't get it confused
shit my kindness for weakness see what I
do that I'd be well Matt they said
gangster rap digests I'm bringing it
back every day that I'm alive thank
Jesus for that just still got my buddy's
couch sleeping hey it's a rudder 9 no
another life with no regrets widow
moment when I'm gone slowly my soul
I should die oh wait brittle oh what a
sin this slop no mistake the action that
you take over control okay I were to die
right here Annette pretty happy all my
life turned that doesn't mean I want my
life turned anything it means is that I
put a life's work top hat in the hell it
back so when I rap I don't wear a
backpack don't consider that itself shot
just trying to get a stacking so little
homie no Clyde forgot a plaque and float
home and I pull out the game names do
not pass go look at who you know helps
you blow through with that so guess I
gotta make some new friends flips up and
make a few ends spits up start a new
trend
they never been a rap like me I ask if I
rap I say no I am see better learn how
to act on that in my seat for yes get
caught give you all right PR Oh this
alright tonight
no another life with no regrets please
no MoMA when I'm gone oh they my soul in
labor I should die or I wake I pray the
Lord a day is in this slop
no mistake actually let you take a will
control long face again don't you be
worried about a rat be busy with the
flow to attract to attract me like an
athlete more than an artist our laps
around cats critics claim other artists
regardless of behavior not going
straight to the top so go ahead and keep
taking shots afraid of no box Salavat
asking shit pop leave your soul in our
body in plastic hispanics or the
stereotyped me but the industry never
heard a mexican like me never
might be the best then again I might not
be my mom's focus now ain't nothing can
stop me now
refuse the just lay around of time to
play around that means there ain't no
time the way to brown away durand-ruel
it on me better not just wave your ass
that sounds great damn fuck around on me
it's alright
by the night knowing I live life with no
regrets
we the moment when I'm gone slowly my
soul's been baby bears I should die or I
wake I pray the Lord for a day in this
love no mistake action that you take a
look control yes all right
the nine no another life with no grass
please don't mow mow when I'm gone no
what am I sold in they breath
why should I go our way cradle all my
small day then this love me no mistake
the action that you take over control